all the three IP by NB files.
You're free to collaborate with your classmates,
but just write the name of
the people you collaborated with at the top of the worksheet.
So I'll just introduce the worksheets to you guys.
So worksheet two is on simple linear regression and multiple linear regression.
You'll have to just plot a scatter plot and build a linear regression model.
You have to check if it follows the OLS assumptions
and validate the linear regression model.
Then the multiple linear regression,
you have to plot a correlogram and check
which contributes most to the target variable
and build a multiple linear regression model based on that.
Worksheet 2B is based on ridge regression,
lasso and elastic regression.
You'll have to build all these three models.
Worksheet 2C is on logistic regression.
You'll have to just build a logistic regression model
and plot the ROC curve and AAC value.
So the last day to submit will be 20th September.
Before constructing the correlogram,
you can use anything label encoding or one or 10 coding.
Just convert.
You can ask your doubts in the chat
or you can raise your hand, we'll unmute you.
There will be another TA session four or five days before the deadline.
So by then your portion should be covered,
so you'll be able to solve and ask more questions that time.
But if you have any doubts, you can put it in the chat or unmute
or raise your hand, we'll unmute.
You can just use the libraries to build the model.
Like for linear regression model, you can use LM
and for worksheet 2B, you can use GLM net.
You need not build one from SCAD, just import the libraries.
You can use any library you want.
There is no completion on the syntax.
You can use any syntax or any libraries you want.
Which question three? The OLS assumptions?
Yeah, for OLS assumptions, you can do like three.
You can check if the residuals follow the normal distribution.
You can check for homosodacity and you can check for the linear relationship.
You can do three, that's enough.
Does that answer your question?
Yeah, if you put it as a markdown, it will be better and professional.
If it's a code, then use the code.
Both graphs and write-ups,
because try to add your analysis as much as possible, not only code.
So add comments or a markdown for whatever you are plotting.
Vignesh, you can unmute and ask the question.
Yes?
In one sheet, we have prepositions, right?
You need to answer in experiment or what?
Yeah, that's what I answered.
You can add a markdown cell and answer in that cell after each question.
Does that answer your question?
Yeah, Rohan, the histogram of residuals is enough for normal distribution.
But do add like a text cell scene.
Just don't add the code guys.
Just don't write the code for plotting histogram and leave it like this.
Do add an analysis of the graph.
Yeah, markdown code, markdown code.
Just add markdown cells whenever you want to write the text or analysis
and code cells when you want to execute the code.
Are there any more questions or we shall end the meet?
There will be another TA session four or five days before the deadline.
So you guys should, the portion should be covered by then.
So you guys should be able to solve that.
About the hackathon, we'll let you know soon.
Do you guys have any more questions?
Okay, then we'll end the meet.
Thank you for joining us.
If any of you have missed the first part of this session,
we'll make the recording available.
You guys can catch up with that.
Thank you.